CSC 690 Project Documentation
Spring 2019

Thanh Le, Shuyuan Deng
Milestone 2
Class.Section 01
GitHub Repository Link
https://github.com/tle25/csc690-sp19-TS.git

Table of Contents
Introduction	3
Project Overview	3
Technical Overview	3
Summary of Work Completed	3
Development Environment	3
How to Build/Import your Project	3
How to Run your Project	3
Assumption Made	4
Implementation Discussion	4
Project Reflection	4
Project Conclusion/Results	4

Introduction
Project Overview
	Memory Puzzle : A game that let user to flick the card and memorizing the contents, then keep flick cards until both cards are the same.
Technical Overview
Macbook Pro
	Xcode 10.2.1
	Iphone Xs Max
	Swift 5
Summary of Work Completed
Must-have feature:
1. A table view shall have frame that allow to store different cards with context.
2. The card shall be able to be flick and show the content.
3. When two cards are the same, they shall stay in positive position. When the cards are different, card shall flick back.
4. When all cards are in positive position, the game shall show the winning message.
5. A timer shall able to countdown the time.
6. When user wins in one level shall be able jump to the next level.
7. When time is up, a lose message shall show up.


Development Environment
	Macbook Pro
	Xcode 10.2.1
	Iphone Xs Max
	Swift 5

How to Build/Import your Project
	Clone the package from GitHub, then open the project by using Xcode 10.2.1.
How to Run your Project
	Click the run Botton for this project.
Assumption Made
	User shall know how to download and install execution software, and able to identify the function of the Xcode.
Implementation Discussion
	Here are more function we want to implement into the app, but for the reason of time limit, we decide to make a fully runnable app for the final.

Project Reflection
	Here are other good ideas about our game, but have more difficulty to implement the function, and using the function we familiar is decided.
Project Conclusion/Results
	App is not as fancy as we are expected, but all the listed must-have features are executable and the game is run as our design.
